updated e2e guide for writing (#1048)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/mobile/e2e/guide-for-writing.md

    ```
    `Zephyr ID` is used for mapping test cases per Release Testing specification. It will be used to measure coverage between manual and automated tests.

3. If a test is failing due to a known issue, 

>    1. append the Jira issue key in the test description, following the format of ` -- KNOWN ISSUE: [Jira_key]`. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Append the Jira issue key in the test title, following the format of ` -- KNOWN ISSUE: [Jira_key]`. For example,
```

        ```javascript
        describe('Upload Files', () => {
            it('MM-T2261 Upload SVG and post -- KNOWN ISSUE: MM-38982', () => {
                // Test steps and assertion here
            }
        }
        ```

>    1. move the test case into a sperate `spec` file, following the format of `<existting spec file name_[1-9].js>`. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Move the test case into a separate `spec` file following the format of `<existing_spec_file_name_[1-9].js>`. For example,
```

     `accessibility_account_settings_spec_1.js` and demote the spec file (i.e remove `// Stage: @prod` from the spec file)

>    1. if all the test cases are failing in a spec file, update their names as mentioned above and demote the spec file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. If all the test cases are failing in a spec file, update each title as mentioned above and demote the spec file.
```

>    1. link the failed test case/s to Jira issue, `Goto Jira Bug > Click Zephyr Scale tab > Click 'add an existing one' link > Select test case/s > Click Add`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. Link the failed test case/s to Jira issue, `Go to Jira Bug > Click Zephyr Scale tab > Click 'add an existing one' link > Select test case/s > Click Add`
```

>    4. Link the failed test case/s to the Jira issue. In the Jira bug, select the **Zephyr Scale** tab. Select the **add an existing one** link, then select test case/s, and select **Add**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   4. Link the failed test cases to the Jira issue. In the Jira bug, select the **Zephyr Scale** tab. Select the **add an existing one** link, then select test cases, and select **Add**.
```
